README.md, before:

# Klaytn Docs

Welcome to the Klaytn documentation repository! This repo contains the source files for the official Klaytn documentation available at https://docs.klaytn.foundation.

> [!IMPORTANT]  
> Attention content contributors! Klaytn docs has shifted platforms, migrating from Gitbook to **Docusaurus**. For key information about this transition and its impact on your contributions, please refer to [the Klaytn docs 2.0 announcement](https://klaytn.foundation/announcing-klaytn-docs-2-0-streamlined-searchable-and-community-powered/).

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to help us improve and expand the Klaytn documentation. There are a few ways you can contribute:

### Contributing to Documentation

If you find issues in the docs or have suggestions for improvements, please open an issue or submit a pull request. See our [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/klaytn/klaytn-docs/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more details on the contribution workflow.

Before submitting PRs, make sure to:

- Create an issue with an appropriate [label](https://github.com/klaytn/klaytn-docs/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#usage-of-labels).
- Provide a clear and detailed description of the changes.
- Reference any related issues or pull requests.
- Ensure your changes render correctly and pass all tests.

### Contributing Translations

Klaytn docs is available in the following languages:

- English
- 한국어
- Tiếng Việt

If you are fluent in a language other than English and want to contribute translations or improve the localized documentation, see the [Internationalization](https://docs.klaytn.foundation/docs/misc/internationalization/) page for details on how to contribute translations via Crowdin.

Some key points:

- Create an issue with the `content-translation` label.
- Join the translator team on the [Klaytn-Docs Crowdin project](https://crowdin.com/project/klaytn-docs).
- Select the language you want to contribute to.
- Choose the files to translate or vote on translations.
- Ensure your word choices conform to the Klaytn Terminologies.
- Be respectful and follow the translation Code of Conduct.

Translation suggestions will be reviewed by the maintainers and made available on the localized doc sites when approved and merged.

## Developing Klaytn Docs

This website is built using Docusaurus v3.

### Installation

```
$ yarn
```

### Local Development

```
$ yarn start
```

This command starts a local development server and opens up a browser window. Most changes are reflected live without having to restart the server.

### Build

```
$ yarn build
```

This command generates static content into the `build` directory and can be served using any static contents hosting service.

### Deployment

Using SSH:

```
$ USE_SSH=true yarn deploy
```

Not using SSH:

```
$ GIT_USER=<Your GitHub username> yarn deploy
```

If you are using GitHub pages for hosting, this command is a convenient way to build the website and push to the `gh-pages` branch.

Commit message:

Add repo archive notification (#714)
* Revert kaia document addition

* Add repo archive notification

README.md, after:

# Klaytn Docs (Archived)

> [!IMPORTANT]  
> **This repository has been archived and is no longer accepting contributions.**
> We appreciate all the contributions made by the community so far. For future development and contributions, please refer to [the new kaia docs repository](https://github.com/kaiachain/kaia-docs) which is expected to open to public after July 1st, 2024 (exact date to be confirmed). Please stay tuned for further announcements and updates.


Welcome to the Klaytn documentation repository! This repo contains the source files for the official Klaytn documentation available at https://docs.klaytn.foundation.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to help us improve and expand the Klaytn documentation. There are a few ways you can contribute:

### Contributing to Documentation

If you find issues in the docs or have suggestions for improvements, please open an issue or submit a pull request. See our [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/klaytn/klaytn-docs/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more details on the contribution workflow.

Before submitting PRs, make sure to:

- Create an issue with an appropriate [label](https://github.com/klaytn/klaytn-docs/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#usage-of-labels).
- Provide a clear and detailed description of the changes.
- Reference any related issues or pull requests.
- Ensure your changes render correctly and pass all tests.

### Contributing Translations

Klaytn docs is available in the following languages:

- English
- 한국어
- Tiếng Việt

If you are fluent in a language other than English and want to contribute translations or improve the localized documentation, see the [Internationalization](https://docs.klaytn.foundation/docs/misc/internationalization/) page for details on how to contribute translations via Crowdin.

Some key points:

- Create an issue with the `content-translation` label.
- Join the translator team on the [Klaytn-Docs Crowdin project](https://crowdin.com/project/klaytn-docs).
- Select the language you want to contribute to.
- Choose the files to translate or vote on translations.
- Ensure your word choices conform to the Klaytn Terminologies.
- Be respectful and follow the translation Code of Conduct.

Translation suggestions will be reviewed by the maintainers and made available on the localized doc sites when approved and merged.

## Developing Klaytn Docs

This website is built using Docusaurus v3.

### Installation

```
$ yarn
```

### Local Development

```
$ yarn start
```

This command starts a local development server and opens up a browser window. Most changes are reflected live without having to restart the server.

### Build

```
$ yarn build
```

This command generates static content into the `build` directory and can be served using any static contents hosting service.

### Deployment

Using SSH:

```
$ USE_SSH=true yarn deploy
```

Not using SSH:

```
$ GIT_USER=<Your GitHub username> yarn deploy
```

If you are using GitHub pages for hosting, this command is a convenient way to build the website and push to the `gh-pages` branch.
