# 1. Writing ERC-721 Smart Contract <a id="1-writing-erc-721-smart-contract"></a>

## 1.1 MyERC721Cardの全体構造 <a id="1-1-overall-structure-of-myerc721card"></a>

`MyERC721Card.sol` の完全なソースコードは以下のとおりです。

```text
pragma solidity ^0.5.0;

// https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-solidity/blob/v2.3.0/contracts/utils/Address.sol
/**
 * @dev Collection of functions related to the address type,
 */
library Address {
    /**
     * @dev Returns true if `account` is a contract.
     *
     * This test is non-exhaustive, and there may be false-negatives: during the
     * execution of a contract's constructor, its address will be reported as
     * not containing a contract.
     *
     * > この関数が返すアドレスを想定することは安全ではありません
     * false は外部所有のアカウントであり、コントラクトではありません。
     */
    function isContract(address account) internal view returns (bool) {
        // This method relies in extcodesize, which returns 0 for contracts in
        // construction, since the code is only stored at the end of the
        // constructor execution.

        uint256 size;
        // solhint-disable-next-line no-inline-assembly
        assembly { size := extcodesize(account) }
        return size > 0;
    }
}

// https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-solidity/blob/v2.3.0/contracts/math/SafeMath.sol
/**
 * @dev Wrappers over Solidity's arithmetic operations with added overflow
 * checks.
 *
 * Solidity の算術演算はオーバーフロー時にラップする。 これはバグで
 * を引き起こす可能性があります。なぜなら、プログラマは通常、オーバーフローが
 * エラーを発生させると仮定しているからです。 高レベルのプログラミング言語の標準的な動作です
 * `SafeMath` は、
 * 操作がオーバーフローしたときにトランザクションを元に戻すことで、この直観を復元します。
 *
 * チェックされていない操作の代わりにこのライブラリを使用すると、
 * クラスのバグがなくなります。 常に使うことをお勧めします。
 */
library SafeMath {
    /**
     * @dev 2つの符号なし整数の追加を返し、
     * overflowで元に戻します。
     *
     * Counterpart to Solidity's `+` operator.
     *
     * Requirements:
     * - Addition cannot overflow.
     */
    function add(uint256 a, uint256 b) internal pure returns (uint256) {
        uint256 c = a + b;
        require(c >= a, "SafeMath: addition overflow");

        return c;
    }

    /**
     * @dev Returns the subtraction of two unsigned integers, reverting on
     * overflow (when the result is negative).
     *
     * Counterpart to Solidity's `-` operator.
     *
     * Requirements:
     * - Subtraction cannot overflow.
     */
    function sub(uint256 a, uint256 b) internal pure returns (uint256) {
        require(b <= a, "SafeMath: subtraction overflow");
        uint256 c = a - b;

        return c;
    }

    /**
     * @dev Returns the multiplication of two unsigned integers, reverting on
     * overflow.
     *
     * Counterpart to Solidity's `*` operator.
     *
     * Requirements:
     * - Multiplication cannot overflow.
     */
    function mul(uint256 a, uint256 b) internal pure returns (uint256) {
        // Gas optimization: this is cheaper than requiring 'a' not being zero, but the
        // benefit is lost if 'b' is also tested.
        // See: https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-solidity/pull/522
        if (a == 0) {
            return 0;
        }

        uint256 c = a * b;
        require(c / a == b, "SafeMath: multiplication overflow");

        return c;
    }

    /**
     * @dev Returns the integer division of two unsigned integers. Reverts on
     * division by zero. The result is rounded towards zero.
     *
     * Counterpart to Solidity's `/` operator. Note: this function uses a
     * `revert` opcode (which leaves remaining gas untouched) while Solidity
     * uses an invalid opcode to revert (consuming all remaining gas).
     *
     * Requirements:
     * - The divisor cannot be zero.
     */
    function div(uint256 a, uint256 b) internal pure returns (uint256) {
        // Solidity only automatically asserts when dividing by 0
        require(b > 0, "SafeMath: division by zero");
        uint256 c = a / b;
        // assert(a == b * c + a % b); // There is no case in which this doesn't hold

        return c;
    }

    /**
     * @dev Returns the remainder of dividing two unsigned integers. (unsigned integer modulo),
     * Reverts when dividing by zero.
     *
     * Counterpart to Solidity's `%` operator. This function uses a `revert`
     * opcode (which leaves remaining gas untouched) while Solidity uses an
     * invalid opcode to revert (consuming all remaining gas).
     *
     * Requirements:
     * - The divisor cannot be zero.
     */
    function mod(uint256 a, uint256 b) internal pure returns (uint256) {
        require(b != 0, "SafeMath: modulo by zero");
        return a % b;
    }
}

// https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-solidity/blob/v2.3.0/contracts/drafts/Counters.sol
/**
 * @title Counters
 * @author Matt Condon (@shrugs)
 * @dev Provides counters that can only be incremented or decremented by one. 例えば、マッピング内の要素の数
 * を追跡したり、ERC721 id を発行したり、リクエスト ID を数えたりすることができます。
 *
 * Include with `using Counters for Counters.Counter;`
 * Since it is not possible to overflow a 256 bit integer with increments of one, `increment` can skip the SafeMath
 * overflow check, thereby saving gas. ただし、基になる `_value` が
 * 直接アクセスされることがないので、これは正しい使用法を仮定します。
 */
library Counters {
    using SafeMath for uint256;

    struct Counter {
        // This variable should never be directly accessed by users of the library: interactions must be restricted to
        // the library's function. As of Solidity v0.5.2, this cannot be enforced, though there is a proposal to add
        // this feature: see https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/issues/4637
        uint256 _value; // default: 0
    }

    function current(Counter storage counter) internal view returns (uint256) {
        return counter._value;
    }

    function increment(Counter storage counter) internal {
        counter._value += 1;
    }

    function decrement(Counter storage counter) internal {
        counter._value = counter._value.sub(1);
    }
}

/**
 * @dev Interface of the ERC165 standard, as defined in the
 * [EIP](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-165).
 *
 * 実装者はコントラクトインターフェイスのサポートを宣言することができます。このインターフェイスは
 * 他者から問い合わせることができます (`ERC165Checker` )。
 *
 * 実装については、 `ERC165` を参照してください。
 */
interface IERC165 {
    /**
     * @dev このコントラクトが
     * `interfaceId` で定義されたインターフェイスを実装している場合、trueを返します。 対応する
     * [EIP section](https://eips.etherum.org/EIPS/eip-165#how-interfaces-are-identified) を参照してください。
     * これらのIDがどのように作成されるかについて詳しくはこちら。
     *
     * この関数呼び出しは 30,000 以下のガスを使用する必要があります。
     */
    function supportsInterface(bytes4 interfaceId) external view returns (bool);
}

/**
 * @dev `IERC165` インタフェースの実装。
 *
 * 契約はこれから継承され、`_registerInterface` を呼び出してインターフェイスのサポートを宣言することができます
 * 。
 */
contract ERC165 is IERC165 {
    /*
     * bytes4(keccak256('supportsInterface(bytes4)')) == 0x01ffc9a7
     */
    bytes4 private constant _INTERFACE_ID_ERC165 = 0x01ffc9a7;

    /**
     * @dev Mapping of interface ids to whether or not it's supported.
     */
    mapping(bytes4 => bool) private _supportedInterfaces;

    constructor () internal {
        // Derived contracts need only register support for their own interfaces,
        // we register support for ERC165 itself here
        _registerInterface(_INTERFACE_ID_ERC165);
    }

    /**
     * @dev See `IERC165.supportsInterface`.
     *
     * 時間の複雑さ O(1) は、常に30,000 以下のガスを使用することが保証されています。
     */
    function supportsInterface(bytes4 interfaceId) external view returns (bool) {
        return _supportedInterfaces[interfaceId];
    }

    /**
     * @dev Registers the contract as an implementer of the interface defined by
     * `interfaceId`. 実際のERC165インターフェースのサポートは自動であり、
     *そのインターフェースIDを登録する必要はありません。
     *
     * `IERC165.supportsInterface` を参照してください。
     *
     * 要件:
     *
     * - `interfaceId`はERC165 invalid interface (`0xffffffff`)ではありません。
     */
    function _registerInterface(bytes4 interfaceId) internal {
        require(interfaceId != 0xffffffff, "ERC165: invalid interface id");
        _supportedInterfaces[interfaceId] = true;
    }
}

/**
 * @dev Required interface of an ERC721 compliant contract.
 */
contract IERC721 is IERC165 {
    event Transfer(address indexed from, address indexed to, uint256 indexed tokenId);
    event Approval(address indexed owner, address indexed approved, uint256 indexed tokenId);
    event ApprovalForAll(address indexed owner, address indexed operator, bool approved);

    /**
     * @dev Returns the number of NFTs in `owner`'s account.
     */
    関数 balanceOf(address owner) public view returns (uint256 balance);

    /**
     * @dev `tokenId` で指定された NFT の所有者を返します。
     */
    function ownerOf(uint256 tokenId) public view returns (address owner);

    /**
     * @dev Transfers a specific NFT (`tokenId`) from one account (`from`) to
     * another (`to`).
     *
     * 
     *
     * 要件:
     * - `from`, `to`はゼロにはできません。
     * - `tokenId` は `from` が所有している必要があります。
     * - 呼び出し元が `from`でない場合、`approve`または`setApproveForAll`のいずれかによってこれを
     *NFTに移動することが許可されている必要があります。
     */
    function safeTransferFrom(address from, address to, uint256 tokenId) public;
    /**
     * @dev Transfers a specific NFT (`tokenId`) from one account (`from`) to
     * another (`to`).
     *
     * Requirements:
     * - If the caller is not `from`, it must be approved to move this NFT by
     * either `approve` or `setApproveForAll`.
     */
    function transferFrom(address from, address to, uint256 tokenId) public;
    function approve(address to, uint256 tokenId) public;
    function getApproved(uint256 tokenId) public view returns (address operator);

    function setApprovalForAll(address operator, bool _approved) public;
    function isApprovedForAll(address owner, address operator) public view returns (bool);


    function safeTransferFrom(address from, address to, uint256 tokenId, bytes memory data) public;
} 

// https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-solidity/blob/v2.3.0/contracts/token/ERC721/IERC721Receiver.sol
/**
 * @title ERC721 token receiver interface
 * @dev Interface for any contract that wants to support safeTransfers
 * from ERC721 asset contracts.
 */
contract IERC721Receiver {
    /**
     * @notice NFT の受信を処理する
     * @dev ERC721 スマートコントラクトは、受信者の
     * `safeTransfer` の後にこの関数を呼び出します。 この関数は、関数セレクタを返さなければなりません。
     * そうでなければ、呼び出し元はトランザクションを取り消します。 The selector to be
     * returned can be obtained as `this.onERC721Received.selector`. この
     * 関数は、元に戻して転送を拒否するために投げることができます(MAY)。
     * 注意: ERC721コントラクトアドレスは常にメッセージ送信者です。
     * @param operator The address which called `safeTransferFrom` function
     * @param from The address which previously owned the token
     * @param tokenId The NFT identifier which is being transferred
     * @param data Additional data with no specified format
     * @return bytes4 `bytes4(keccak256("onERC721Received(address,address,uint256,bytes)"))`
     */
    function onERC721Received(address operator, address from, uint256 tokenId, bytes memory data)
    public returns (bytes4);
}

// https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-solidity/blob/v2.3.0/contracts/token/ERC721/ERC721.sol
contract ERC721 is ERC165, IERC721 {
    using SafeMath for uint256;
    using Address for address;
    using Counters for Counters.Counter;

    // Equals to `bytes4(keccak256("onERC721Received(address,address,uint256,bytes)"))`
    // which can be also obtained as `IERC721Receiver(0).onERC721Received.selector`
    bytes4 private constant _ERC721_RECEIVED = 0x150b7a02;

    // Mapping from token ID to owner
    mapping (uint256 => address) private _tokenOwner;

    // Mapping from token ID to approved address
    mapping (uint256 => address) private _tokenApprovals;

    // Mapping from owner to number of owned token
    mapping (address => Counters.Counter) private _ownedTokensCount;

    // Mapping from owner to operator approvals
    mapping (address => mapping (address => bool)) private _operatorApprovals;

    /*
     *     bytes4(keccak256('balanceOf(address)')) == 0x70a08231
     *     bytes4(keccak256('ownerOf(uint256)')) == 0x6352211e
     *     bytes4(keccak256('approve(address,uint256)')) == 0x095ea7b3
     *     bytes4(keccak256('getApproved(uint256)')) == 0x081812fc
     *     bytes4(keccak256('setApprovalForAll(address,bool)')) == 0xa22cb465
     *     bytes4(keccak256('isApprovedForAll(address,address)')) == 0xe985e9c
     *     bytes4(keccak256('transferFrom(address,address,uint256)')) == 0x23b872dd
     *     bytes4(keccak256('safeTransferFrom(address,address,uint256)')) == 0x42842e0e
     *     bytes4(keccak256('safeTransferFrom(address,address,uint256,bytes)')) == 0xb88d4fde
     *
     *     => 0x70a08231 ^ 0x6352211e ^ 0x095ea7b3 ^ 0x081812fc ^
     *        0xa22cb465 ^ 0xe985e9c ^ 0x23b872dd ^ 0x42842e0e ^ 0xb88d4fde == 0x80ac58cd
     */
    bytes4 private constant _INTERFACE_ID_ERC721 = 0x80ac58cd;

    constructor () public {
        // register the supported interfaces to conform to ERC721 via ERC165
        _registerInterface(_INTERFACE_ID_ERC721);
    }

    /**
     * @dev Gets the balance of the specified address.
     * @param owner address to query the balance of
     * @return uint256 representing the amount owned by the passed address
     */
    function balanceOf(address owner) public view returns (uint256) {
        require(owner != address(0), "ERC721: balance query for the zero address");

        return _ownedTokensCount[owner].current();
    }

    /**
     * @dev Gets the owner of the specified token ID.
     * @param tokenId uint256 ID of the token to query the owner of
     * @return address currently marked as the owner of the given token ID
     */
    function ownerOf(uint256 tokenId) public view returns (address) {
        address owner = _tokenOwner[tokenId];
        require(owner != address(0), "ERC721: owner query for nonexistent token");

        return owner;
    }

    /**
     * @dev Approves another address to transfer the given token ID
     * The zero address indicates there is no approved address.
     * トークンごとに承認されたアドレスは一度に1つしかありません。
     * トークン所有者または承認されたオペレーターのみが呼び出すことができます。
     * @param to address to be approved for the given token ID
     * @param tokenId uint256 ID of the token to be approved
     */
    function approve(address to, uint256 tokenId) public {
        address owner = ownerOf(tokenId);
        require(to != owner, "ERC721: approval to current owner");

        require(msg.sender == owner || isApprovedForAll(owner, msg.sender),
            "ERC721: approve caller is not owner nor approved for all"
        );

        _tokenApprovals[tokenId] = to;
        emit Approval(owner, to, tokenId);
    }

    /**
     * @dev Gets the approved address for a token ID, or zero if no address set
     * Reverts if the token ID does not exist.
     * @param tokenId uint256 ID of the token to query the approval of
     * @return address currently approved for the given token ID
     */
    function getApproved(uint256 tokenId) public view returns (address) {
        require(_exists(tokenId), "ERC721: approved query for nonexistent token");

        return _tokenApprovals[tokenId];
    }

    /**
     * @dev Sets or unsets the approval of a given operator
     * An operator is allowed to transfer all tokens of the sender on their behalf.
     * @param to operator address to set the approval
     * @param approved representing the status of the approval to be set
     */
    function setApprovalForAll(address to, bool approved) public {
        require(to != msg.sender, "ERC721: approve to caller");

        _operatorApprovals[msg.sender][to] = approved;
        emit ApprovalForAll(msg.sender, to, approved);
    }

    /**
     * @dev Tells whether an operator is approved by a given owner.
     * @param owner owner address which you want to query the approval of
     * @param operator operator address which you want to query the approval of
     * @return bool whether the given operator is approved by the given owner
     */
    function isApprovedForAll(address owner, address operator) public view returns (bool) {
        return _operatorApprovals[owner][operator];
    }

    /**
     * @dev Transfers the ownership of a given token ID to another address.
     * このメソッドの使用は推奨されません。可能な場合は `safeTransferFrom` を使用してください。
     * msg.sender を所有者、承認、または演算子にする必要があります。
     * @param from current owner of the token
     * @param to address to receive the ownership of the given token ID
     * @param tokenId uint256 ID of the token to be transferred
     */
    function transferFrom(address from, address to, uint256 tokenId) public {
        //solhint-disable-next-line max-line-length
        require(_isApprovedOrOwner(msg.sender, tokenId), "ERC721: transfer caller is not owner nor approved");

        _transferFrom(from, to, tokenId);
    }

    /**
     * @dev Safely transfers the ownership of a given token ID to another address
     * If the target address is a contract, it must implement `onERC721Received`,
     * which is called upon a safe transfer, and return the magic value
     * `bytes4(keccak256("onERC721Received(address,address,uint256,bytes)"))`; otherwise,
     * the transfer is reverted.
     * Requires the msg.sender to be the owner, approved, or operator
     * @param from current owner of the token
     * @param to address to receive the ownership of the given token ID
     * @param tokenId uint256 ID of the token to be transferred
     */
    function safeTransferFrom(address from, address to, uint256 tokenId) public {
        safeTransferFrom(from, to, tokenId, "");
    }

    /**
     * @dev Safely transfers the ownership of a given token ID to another address
     * If the target address is a contract, it must implement `onERC721Received`,
     * which is called upon a safe transfer, and return the magic value
     * `bytes4(keccak256("onERC721Received(address,address,uint256,bytes)"))`; otherwise,
     * the transfer is reverted.
     * Requires the msg.sender to be the owner, approved, or operator
     * @param from current owner of the token
     * @param to address to receive the ownership of the given token ID
     * @param tokenId uint256 ID of the token to be transferred
     * @param _data bytes data to send along with a safe transfer check
     */
    function safeTransferFrom(address from, address to, uint256 tokenId, bytes memory _data) public {
        transferFrom(from, to, tokenId);
        require(_checkOnERC721Received(from, to, tokenId, _data), "ERC721: transfer to non ERC721Receiver implementer");
    }

    /**
     * @dev Returns whether the specified token exists.
     * @param tokenId uint256 ID of the token to query the existence of
     * @return bool whether the token exists
     */
    function _exists(uint256 tokenId) internal view returns (bool) {
        address owner = _tokenOwner[tokenId];
        return owner != address(0);
    }

    /**
     * @dev Returns whether the given spender can transfer a given token ID.
     * @param spender address of the spender to query
     * @param tokenId uint256 ID of the token to be transferred
     * @return bool whether the msg.sender is approved for the given token ID,
     * is an operator of the owner, or is the owner of the token
     */
    function _isApprovedOrOwner(address spender, uint256 tokenId) internal view returns (bool) {
        require(_exists(tokenId), "ERC721: operator query for nonexistent token");
        address owner = ownerOf(tokenId);
        return (spender == owner || getApproved(tokenId) == spender || isApprovedForAll(owner, spender));
    }

    /**
     * @dev Internal function to mint a new token.
     * 与えられたトークンIDが既に存在する場合、元に戻します。
     * @param to The address that will own the minted token
     * @param tokenId uint256 ID of the token to be minted
     */
    function _mint(address to, uint256 tokenId) internal {
        require(to != address(0), "ERC721: mint to the zero address");
        require(!_exists(tokenId), "ERC721: token already minted");

        _tokenOwner[tokenId] = to;
        _ownedTokensCount[to].increment();

        emit Transfer(address(0), to, tokenId);
    }

    /**
     * @dev Internal function to burn a specific token.
     * トークンが存在しない場合は元に戻します。
     * 非推奨です。代わりに _burn(uint256) を使用してください。
     * @param owner owner of the token to burn
     * @param tokenId uint256 ID of the token being burned
     */
    function _burn(address owner, uint256 tokenId) internal {
        require(ownerOf(tokenId) == owner, "ERC721: burn of token that is not own");

        _clearApproval(tokenId);

        _ownedTokensCount[owner].decrement();
        _tokenOwner[tokenId] = address(0);

        emit Transfer(owner, address(0), tokenId);
    }

    /**
     * @dev Internal function to burn a specific token.
     * Reverts if the token does not exist.
     * @param tokenId uint256 ID of the token being burned
     */
    function _burn(uint256 tokenId) internal {
        _burn(ownerOf(tokenId), tokenId);
    }

    /**
     * @dev Internal function to transfer ownership of a given token ID to another address.
     * transferFromとは異なり、msg.senderに制限はありません。
     * @param from current owner of the token
     * @param to address to receive the ownership of the given token ID
     * @param tokenId uint256 ID of the token to be transferred
     */
    function _transferFrom(address from, address to, uint256 tokenId) internal {
        require(ownerOf(tokenId) == from, "ERC721: transfer of token that is not own");
        require(to != address(0), "ERC721: transfer to the zero address");

        _clearApproval(tokenId);

        _ownedTokensCount[from].decrement();
        _ownedTokensCount[to].increment();

        _tokenOwner[tokenId] = to;

        emit Transfer(from, to, tokenId);
    }

    /**
     * @dev Internal function to invoke `onERC721Received` on a target address.
     * ターゲットアドレスがコントラクトでない場合、呼び出しは実行されません。
     *
     * この関数は非推奨です。
     * @param from address representing the previous owner of the given token ID
     * @param to target address that will receive the tokens
     * @param tokenId uint256 ID of the token to be transferred
     * @param _data bytes optional data to send along with the call
     * @return bool whether the call correctly returned the expected magic value
     */
    function _checkOnERC721Received(address from, address to, uint256 tokenId, bytes memory _data)
        internal returns (bool)
    {
        if (!to.isContract()) {
            return true;
        }

        bytes4 retval = IERC721Receiver(to).onERC721Received(msg.sender, from, tokenId, _data);
        return (retval == _ERC721_RECEIVED);
    }

    /**
     * @dev Private function to clear current approval of a given token ID.
     * @param tokenId uint256 ID of the token to be transferred
     */
    function _clearApproval(uint256 tokenId) private {
        if (_tokenApprovals[tokenId] != address(0)) {
            _tokenApprovals[tokenId] = address(0);
        }
    }
}

contract MyERC721Card is ERC721{

    struct Card {
        string  name;  // Name of the Card
        uint256 level; // Level of the Card
    }

    Card[] public cards; // First Item has Index 0
    address public owner;

    constructor () public {
        owner = msg.sender; // owner of MyERC721Card contract who can create a new card
    }

    function mintCard(string memory name, address account) public {
        require(owner == msg.sender); // Only the Owner can create Items
        uint256 cardId = cards.length; // Unique card ID
        cards.push(Card(name, 1));
        _mint(account, cardId); // Mint a new card
    }

}
```

`MyERC721Card.sol` consists of one interface\(`IERC165`\), three libraries\(`Address`, `SafeMath` and `Counters`\) and four contracts\(`ERC165`, `IERC721`, `IERC721Receiver` and `MyERC721Card`\).

* `IERC165` インターフェイスは、 [ERC-165 仕様](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-165) で記述されているインターフェイスを定義します。
* `アドレス` ライブラリは、 `isContract` メソッドを定義して、 `アカウント` がコントラクトかどうかをテストします。
* `SafeMath` library defines wrappers over Solidity's arithmetic operations with added overflow checks for safe calculation of `uint256` type of Solidity.
* `Counters` ライブラリでは、インクリメントまたはデクリメントしかできないカウンタが定義されています。 これはERC721 id を発行する際の要素数を追跡するために使用されます。
* `ERC165` は `IERC165` インターフェイスを実装しています。
* `IERC721` は、ERC-165を含む [ERC-721 仕様](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-721) に記述されているインタフェースを定義している。
* `IERC721Receiver` では、 `MyERC721Received` が `MyERC721Card` コントラクトから使用されています。
* `ERC721` は `IERC721` と `ERC165` を実装しています。
* `MyERC721Card` は、 `ERC721` を使用して名前とレベルを持つカードタイプではないトークンを実装し、 `MyERC721Card` コントラクトの所有者のみが新しいカードを鋳造できます。

## 1.2 Take a look at important methods <a id="1-2-take-a-look-at-important-methods"></a>

Let's take a look at some important methods in detail.

### \(1\) `ERC721 と _INTERFACE_ID_ERC721 のコンストラクタ` `_INTERFACE_ID_ERC721` <a id="1-constructor-of-erc721-and-_interface_id_erc721"></a>

`constructor` register `_INTERFACE_ID_ERC721` は以下のようにERC-721 インターフェイスから得られた 4 バイトのハッシュです。

```text
    /*
     *     bytes4(keccak256('balanceOf(address)')) == 0x70a08231
     *     bytes4(keccak256('ownerOf(uint256)')) == 0x6352211e
     *     bytes4(keccak256('approve(address,uint256)')) == 0x095ea7b3
     *     bytes4(keccak256('getApproved(uint256)')) == 0x081812fc
     *     bytes4(keccak256('setApprovalForAll(address,bool)')) == 0xa22cb465
     *     bytes4(keccak256('isApprovedForAll(address,address)')) == 0xe985e9c
     *     bytes4(keccak256('transferFrom(address,address,uint256)')) == 0x23b872dd
     *     bytes4(keccak256('safeTransferFrom(address,address,uint256)')) == 0x42842e0e
     *     bytes4(keccak256('safeTransferFrom(address,address,uint256,bytes)')) == 0xb88d4fde
     *
     *     => 0x70a08231 ^ 0x6352211e ^ 0x095ea7b3 ^ 0x081812fc ^
     *        0xa22cb465 ^ 0xe985e9c ^ 0x23b872dd ^ 0x42842e0e ^ 0xb88d4fde == 0x80ac58cd
     */
    bytes4 private constant _INTERFACE_ID_ERC721 = 0x80ac58cd;

    constructor () public {
        // register the supported interfaces to conform to ERC721 via ERC165
        _registerInterface(_INTERFACE_ID_ERC721);
    }
```

登録後 `supportsInterface` の ERC-721 と ERC-165 のインターフェイスは `true` を返します。 `_INTERFACE_ID_ERC721` で呼び出されると、このコントラクトは ERC-721 インターフェイスを実装していると伝えます。

### \(2\) `関数 balanceOf(address owner) public view returns (uint256 balance);` <a id="2-function-balanceof-address-owner-public-view-returns-uint256-balance"></a>

`` のバランスはERC-721の必須メソッドである。 `balanceOf` は、 `owner`のアカウントの NFT の数を返します。

```text
    function balanceOf(address owner) public view returns (uint256) {
        require(owner != address(0), "ERC721: balance query for the zero address");

        return _ownedTokensCount[owner].current();
    }
```

`balanceOf` は、 `Counter` オブジェクトから `owner` が `_ownedTokensCount` で維持している現在のカウントを返すだけです。

```text
    // オーナーから所有トークンの数へのマッピング
    マッピング (address => Counters.Counter) private _ownedTokensCount;
```

### \(3\) `safeTransferFrom` and `transferFrom` <a id="3-safetransferfrom-and-transferfrom"></a>

これらの関数は、与えられたトークン ID を別のアドレスに転送します。 2つの `safeTransferfrom` methods required by ERC-721, one with `data` and without `data`. Both methods work identically to the each other except that the one without `data` just set `data` to `""`. `safeTransferFrom` invokes `transferfrom` with more check as below and `safeTransferFrom` is preferenced than `transferFrom` これはERC-721の必須メソッドです。

```text
    function safeTransferFrom(address from, address to, uint256 tokenId) public {
        safeTransferFrom(from, to, tokenId, "");
    }

    function safeTransferFrom(address from, address to, uint256 tokenId, bytes memory _data) public {
        transferFrom(from, to, tokenId);
        require(_checkOnERC721Received(from, to, tokenId, _data), "ERC721: transfer to non ERC721Receiver implementer");
    }

    function transferFrom(address from, address to, uint256 tokenId) public {
        //solhint-disable-next-line max-line-length
        require(_isApprovedOrOwner(msg.sender, tokenId), "ERC721: transfer caller is not owner nor approved");

        _transferFrom(from, to, tokenId);
    }
```

`safeTransferFrom` は、 `から` アドレスがトークンを受信できるかどうかをチェックします。 `_checkOnERC721Received` には検証ロジックがあります。 If `to` address is a contract, then the contract should implement `onERC721Received` interface of ERC-721 and return correct 4 bytes hash to receive ERC-721 token as below.

```text
    function _checkOnERC721Received(address from, address to, uint256 tokenId, bytes memory _data)
        internal returns (bool)
    {
        if (!to.isContract()) {
            return true;
        }

        bytes4 retval = IERC721Receiver(to).onERC721Received(msg.sender, from, tokenId, _data);
        return (retval == _ERC721_RECEIVED);
    }
```

`_transferFrom` は実際に与えられた `tokenId` の所有権を以下のように転送します。

```text
    function _transferFrom(address from, address to, uint256 tokenId) internal {
        require(ownerOf(tokenId) == from, "ERC721: transfer of token that is not own");
        require(to != address(0), "ERC721: transfer to the zero address");

        _clearApproval(tokenId);

        _ownedTokensCount[from].decrement();
        _ownedTokensCount[to].increment();

        _tokenOwner[tokenId] = to;

        emit Transfer(from, to, tokenId);
    }
```

### \(4\) `関数 _mint(address to, uint256 tokenId) 内部` <a id="4-function-_mint-address-to-uint256-tokenid-internal"></a>

`_Mint` は ERC-721 の一部ではない。 しかし、新しいERC-721トークンを作成し、この実装で新しいトークンを作成するために `_mint` を導入する方法が必要です。

```text
    function _mint(address to, uint256 tokenId) internal {
        require(to != address(0), "ERC721: mint to the zero address");
        require(!_exists(tokenId), "ERC721: token already minted");

        _tokenOwner[tokenId] = to;
        _ownedTokensCount[to].increment();

        emit Transfer(address(0), to, tokenId);
    }
```

`_mint` is an internal method and can be invoked inside of this contract. In `MyERC721Card.sol`, `_mint` is invoked only from the `mintCard` method in the `MyERC721Card` contract. スマートコントラクトの所有者のみが `mintCard` を呼び出すことができます。

```text
    function mintCard(string name, address account) public {
        require(owner == msg.sender); // Only the Owner can create Items
        uint256 cardId = cards.length; // Unique card ID
        cards.push(Card(name, 1));
        _mint(account, cardId); // Mint a new card
    }
```

