docs/nodes/core-cell/system-requirements.md, before:

# System Requirements

## H/W Specification <a id="h-w-specification"></a>

The network performance is measured based on the worst hardware specification within the network. According to the blockchain network structure, it is only possible to be scaled up vertically \(increasing hardware capacity\). Hence, it is recommended that all the nodes within the network should have the best hardwares having the similar specifications with each other at least.

If you're curious about the rationale of this hardware spec, the medium article [Determining optimal hardware specs for Klaytn node operators](https://klaytn.foundation/node-operator-optimal-specs/) would help you understand.

The following sections show the recommended specifications for both CNs and PNs.

### Bare-metal Server <a id="bare-metal-server"></a>

| Category | Specification |
| :--- | :--- |
| Server | Intel® Server System [M50CYP1UR212](https://www.intel.sg/content/www/xa/en/products/sku/214842/intel-server-system-m50cyp1ur212/specifications.html) |
| CPU | Intel® Xeon 8358 2.60 GHz \(32-core/64-thread\) |
| Memory | 128GB \(32GB \* 4\) |
| Storage | 3TB (or larger size) SSD (The preferred storage size and configuration could differ depending on the chain data size. Please consult the Klaytn Team for more information.) |

Note that this is a recommended hardware specification for CNs and PNs, not an exact requirement. Any physical machine with similar hardware configurations would be sufficient to operate a CN or a PN.

### Cloud VM <a id="cloud-vm"></a>

#### Recommended Specification for AWS<a id="recommended-specification-for-aws"></a>

| Node Type | Model | vCPU | Memory \(GiB\) | Storage size \(GiB\) | Storage speed \(IOPS\) | Price \(Seoul region, USD/h\) |
| :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |
| CN | m6i.8xlarge  | 32 | 128 | 3,000 (Minimum) | 9,000 | 1.888 |
| PN | m6i.4xlarge  | 16 | 64 | 3,000 (Minimum) | 9,000 | 0.944 |

This storage specification is derived from AWS EBS SSD (gp3) specification. 

The information above is from [https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types/](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types/) and [https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/pricing/on-demand/](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/pricing/on-demand/) and may be changed by AWS.

#### Recommended Specification for Azure<a id="recommended-specification-for-azure"></a>

| Node Type | Model | vCPU | Memory \(GiB\) | Storage type \(GiB\) | Storage speed \(IOPS\) | Price \(Korea Central, USD/h\) |
| :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |
| CN | D32s v5 | 32 | 128 | P50 (4096) | 7500 | 1.888 |
| PN | D16s v5 | 16 | 64 | P50 (4096) | 7500 | 0.944 |

This storage specification is derived from Azure Premium Disk specification. 

The information above is from [https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/virtual-machines/series/](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/virtual-machines/series/) and [https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/managed-disks/#pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/managed-disks/#pricing) and may be changed by Microsoft.

## Storage Requirements <a id="storage-requirements"></a>

Assuming 100 TPS in average, 300 bytes average transaction size, and 1-second block latency, the expected daily storage requirement is about 2.5 GB/day \(=300x100x86400\).

## Operating System <a id="operating-system"></a>

Recommended environment is compatible with RHEL (7.8 or later).
Klaytn binaries are fully tested on Amazon Linux 2, but they should work on other linux-based environments as well. macOS binaries are also provided for development purpose.

Commit message:

Add pruning spec (#680)
* update corecell spec

* update en spec

* update corecell spec

* typo

* Update docs/nodes/core-cell/system-requirements.md

Co-authored-by: Yunjong Jeong (ollie) <jeongyoonjong@gmail.com>

* Update docs/nodes/core-cell/system-requirements.md

Co-authored-by: Yunjong Jeong (ollie) <jeongyoonjong@gmail.com>

* Update system-requirements.md

* Update docs/nodes/core-cell/system-requirements.md

Co-authored-by: yumiel yoomee1313 <yumiel.ko@klaytn.foundation>

* Update docs/nodes/core-cell/system-requirements.md

Co-authored-by: yumiel yoomee1313 <yumiel.ko@klaytn.foundation>

---------

Co-authored-by: Yunjong Jeong (ollie) <jeongyoonjong@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: yumiel yoomee1313 <yumiel.ko@klaytn.foundation>

docs/nodes/core-cell/system-requirements.md, after:

# System Requirements

## H/W Specification <a id="h-w-specification"></a>

The network performance is measured based on the worst hardware specification within the network. According to the blockchain network structure, it is only possible to be scaled up vertically \(increasing hardware capacity\). Hence, it is recommended that all the nodes within the network should have the best hardwares having the similar specifications with each other at least.

If you're curious about the rationale of this hardware spec, the medium article [Determining optimal hardware specs for Klaytn node operators](https://klaytn.foundation/node-operator-optimal-specs/) would help you understand.

The following sections show the recommended specifications for both CNs and PNs.

### Bare-metal Server <a id="bare-metal-server"></a>

| Category | Specification |
| :--- | :--- |
| Server | Intel® Server System [M50CYP1UR212](https://www.intel.sg/content/www/xa/en/products/sku/214842/intel-server-system-m50cyp1ur212/specifications.html) |
| CPU | Intel® Xeon 8358 2.60 GHz \(32-core/64-thread\) |
| Memory | 128GB \(32GB \* 4\) |
| Storage | 4TB (or larger size) SSD (The preferred storage size and configuration could differ depending on the chain data size. Please consult the Klaytn Team for more information.) |

Note that this is a recommended hardware specification for CNs and PNs, not an exact requirement. Any physical machine with similar hardware configurations would be sufficient to operate a CN or a PN.

You can use and apply a live-pruning option to use live-pruning DB. For more details, please refer https://docs.klaytn.foundation/docs/learn/storage/live-pruning/. However, note that live-pruning spec is not recommended for CNs but this may change in the future.

### Cloud VM <a id="cloud-vm"></a>

#### Recommended Specification for AWS<a id="recommended-specification-for-aws"></a>

| Node Type | Model | vCPU | Memory \(GiB\) | Storage size \(GiB\) | Storage speed \(IOPS\) | Price \(Seoul region, USD/h\) |
| :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |
| CN | m6i.8xlarge  | 32 | 128 | 4,000 (Minimum) | 9,000 | 1.888 |
| PN | m6i.4xlarge  | 16 | 64 | 4,000 (Minimum) | 9,000 | 0.944 |
| PN (with Live Pruning DB) | m6i.2xlarge  | 8 | 32 | 3,500 (Minimum) | 9,000 | 0.472 |


This storage specification is derived from AWS EBS SSD (gp3) specification. 

The information above is from [https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types/](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types/) and [https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/pricing/on-demand/](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/pricing/on-demand/) and may be changed by AWS.

#### Recommended Specification for Azure<a id="recommended-specification-for-azure"></a>

| Node Type | Model | vCPU | Memory \(GiB\) | Storage type \(GiB\) | Storage speed \(IOPS\) | Price \(Korea Central, USD/h\) |
| :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |
| CN | D32s v5 | 32 | 128 | P50 (4096) | 7500 | 1.888 |
| PN | D16s v5 | 16 | 64 | P50 (4096) | 7500 | 0.944 |
| PN (with Live Pruning DB) | D8s v5 | 8 | 32 | P50 (4096) | 7500 | 0.472 |

This storage specification is derived from Azure Premium Disk specification. 

The information above is from [https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/virtual-machines/series/](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/virtual-machines/series/) and [https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/managed-disks/#pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/managed-disks/#pricing) and may be changed by Microsoft.

#### Recommended Specification for GCP<a id="recommended-specification-for-gcp"></a>

| Node Type | Model | vCPU | Memory \(GiB\) | Storage type \(GiB\) | Storage speed \(IOPS\) | Price \(asia-northeast3, USD/h\) |
| :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |
| CN | n2-standard-32 | 32 | 128 | 4,000 (Minimum) | 7500 | 2.032486 |
| PN | n2-standard-16 | 16 | 64 | 4,000 (Minimum) | 7500 | 1.016243 |
| PN (with Live Pruning DB) | n2-standard-8 | 8 | 32 | 3,500 (Minimum) | 7500 | 0.508121 |

The information above is from [https://cloud.google.com/compute/vm-instance-pricing#general-purpose_machine_type_family/](https://cloud.google.com/compute/vm-instance-pricing#general-purpose_machine_type_family/) and [https://cloud.google.com/storage/pricing#asia](https://cloud.google.com/storage/pricing#asia) and may be changed by Google.

## Storage Requirements <a id="storage-requirements"></a>

Assuming 100 TPS in average, 300 bytes average transaction size, and 1-second block latency, the expected daily storage requirement is about 2.5 GB/day \(=300x100x86400\).

## Operating System <a id="operating-system"></a>

Recommended environment is compatible with RHEL (7.8 or later).
Klaytn binaries are fully tested on Amazon Linux 2, but they should work on other linux-based environments as well. macOS binaries are also provided for development purpose.
